Is this the rumored Supreme Bone?
With him in your hand, you can become the supreme king of the world
I didn't expect that after Lin Xiaotian sealed the devil with a sword
There are still some supreme dogs left to eat
Could it be that the lord of this thing is going to reign over the world?
Haha life and death temporary bloodline
I still have a lot of good things on me
You can divide it slowly and go
Let me go first.
I drained his blood
This is the legendary supreme horn
It's here too
Haoran Lin's charm has run out
Today's blood and sweat are already doomed
But you are suffering supreme
You are the hope for Lin's re-emergence
Remember?
Full of humble arguments
I've been stupid for 20 years
Now the supreme bones have been taken away
Can I really rise again?
Stand after breaking
My son is the honor of my life